Refresh io task topics (#9776)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/io/how-to-enumerate-directories-and-files.md

  
You can use enumerable collections from these methods as the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601> parameter for constructors of collection classes like <xref:System.Collections.Generic.List%601>.  
  
The following table summarizes the methods that return enumerable collections of files and directories:  
  
|To search and return|Use method|  
|------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------|  
|Directory names|<xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateDirectories%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  
|Directory information (<xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo>)|<xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateDirectories%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  
|File names|<xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFiles%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  
|File information (<xref:System.IO.FileInfo>)|<xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateFiles%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  
|File system entry names|<xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFileSystemEntries%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  

> |File system entry information (<xref:System.IO.FileSystemInfo>)|<xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateFileSystemInfos%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|  

Reviewer: One item to add:
|Directory and file names | \<xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFileSystemEntries%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>|

  
>[!NOTE]
>Although you can immediately enumerate all the files in the subdirectories of a parent directory by using the <xref:System.IO.SearchOption.AllDirectories> option of the optional <xref:System.IO.SearchOption> enumeration, <xref:System.UnauthorizedAccessException> errors may make the enumeration incomplete. You can catch these exceptions by first enumerating directories and then enumerating files.  
  
## Examples: Use the Directory class  
  
The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateDirectories%28System.String%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to get a list of the top-level directory names in a specified path.  

> [!code-csharp[System.IO.EnumDirs1#1](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.enumdirs1/cs/program.cs#1)]

Reviewer: in the example:
- delete `using System.Linq`;
- exception names should use camel casing. We generally just name an exception variable `ex`.
- we've been replaying format strings with interpolated strings; so:   
   - `$"{0}", dir.Substring(dir.LastIndexOf("\\") + 1)` --> `"{dir.Substring(dir.LastIndexOf("\\") + 1)}"`
   - "{0} directories found.",  dirs.Count --> $"{dirs.Count} directories found."

[!code-vb[System.IO.EnumDirs1#1](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.enumdirs1/vb/program.vb#1)]  

The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFiles%28System.String%2CSystem.String%2CSystem.IO.SearchOption%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to recursively enumerate all file names in a directory and subdirectories that match a certain pattern. It then reads each line of each file and displays the lines that contain a specified string, with their filenames and paths.

> [!code-csharp[System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFiles#1](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.directory.enumeratefiles/cs/program.cs#1)]

Reviewer: in the example:
- in the VB example, there should be a blank line between the last `Imports` statement and the Module statement.
- the exception names should use camel casing or just be `ex`
- the 2 Console.WriteLine statements with format strings should be replaced with interpolated strings..

[!code-vb[System.IO.Directory.EnumerateFiles#1](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.directory.enumeratefiles/vb/program.vb#1)]  
  
## Examples: Use the DirectoryInfo class  
  

> The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateDirectories%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to list a collection of top-level directories whose DateTime DirectoryInfo matches a certain pattern.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateDirectories%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to list a collection of top-level directories whose <xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.CreationTimeUtc> is earlier than a certain <xref:System.DateTime> value.  

```

> [!code-csharp[System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumDirs#1](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.directoryinfo.enumdirs/cs/program.cs)]

Reviewer: - In the C# example, only the first two `using` statements are needed.
- The VB example should have a full example that corresponds to the C# example, not just a fragment
- indentation in the C# example should be fixed.
- See if the Snippet1 tag is used elsewhere in the dotnet/docs or dotnet/dotnet-api-docs repos (search for "directoryinfo.enumdirs#1"). If it's not, delete it.

[!code-vb[System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumDirs#1](../../../samples/snippets/visualbasic/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.directoryinfo.enumdirs/vb/module1.vb#1)]  
  

> The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateFiles%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to list all directories and all files whose Length FileInfo matches a certain pattern. This example first enumerates the top-level directories, to catch possible unauthorized access exceptions, and then enumerates the files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example uses the <xref:System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateFiles%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method to list all files whose <xref:System.IO.FileInfo.Length> exceeds 10MB. This example first enumerates the top-level directories to catch possible unauthorized access exceptions, and then enumerates the files.  
```

> [!code-csharp[System.IO.DirectoryInfo.EnumerateDirectories#1](../../../samples/snippets/csharp/VS_Snippets_CLR_System/system.io.directoryinfo.enumeratedirectories/cs/program.cs#1)]

Reviewer: In the code examples:
- use interpolated strings except for the VB line that includes vbTab twice. That's best as a format string, with vbTab as one of the format items.
- in the VB example, delete `Imports System`
- exception variable names should be changed (camel cased or just `ex`)
